Our school’s full name is Shikshasagar High School.

Pre-primary classes in SSHS : Montessori, Nursery and KG.


















SSHS only follows the CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Educations) pattern of school education. We are registered with Karnataaka state Government and affiliated with CBSE. Our affiliation no. is 830462













SSHS has 2 campuses spread in different areas of Sanjay Nagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore.




























Primary classes in SSHS includes the  Classes I to 3(1st to 3rd).
















For fee structure please visit our H,O campus at Sannjaynagar, RMV 2nd stage, Bangalore. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com  to know the contact address.


























For admission fee details please visit our H,O campus at Sannjaynagar, RMV 2nd stage, Bangalore. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com  to know the contact address.



























To see the subject syllabus of all classes, please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com .



































Yes,Kindly fill up SSHS career form and upload your CV also, Subject to vacancies and requirements you may be called for interview. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com  to fill career form.
















Junior classes in SSHS are: Classes 4 to 7.These are considered as Junior Level in our campus.



















No,Job application form for career in SSHS is not sent via email or through post,Kindly fill up the online career form on this website. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com  to fill career form.
























Kindly fill the online career form,If vacancies are there, you will be called for an interview to the school. You may also take the application form from SSHS Head Office, in Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore, to apply for non-teaching post in SSHS.















Kindly take the application form from SSHS Head Office , in Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore.





















No. For non-teaching posts, required post criteria is needed, instead of B.Ed qualification. For teaching, B.Ed qualification / trained teachers get weightage and respective benefits in appointment. To know about specific qualification criteria for any post, kindly contact reception at SSHS Head office, in Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore.


















Kindly fill the online career form, If vacancies are there, you will be called for an interview at SSHS Head Office, in Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore.


































We would like to inform you that SSHS is running only two campus at at Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore, and does not have any school campus anywhere else. SSHS also does not have any affiliate or franchisee in any other city. SSHS does not provide affiliation to other schools.














Kindly email your programme proposal summary and request for an appointment to meet SSHS Director. Send your email to:  info@shikshasagarhighschool.com  and request for an appointment at the same email ID.
















For contacting a director,It would be wonderful if you could send a email to:  info@shikshasagarhighschool.com  and request for an appointment at the same email ID.















Senior classes in SSHS are: Classes 8 to tenth.















Kindly contact the SSHS H.O. campus via email or phone directly to get the information. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com for contact details of campuses.















For all gratuity and other details, kindly contact the respective SSHS campus/head office department in which you served. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com for contact details of campuses.

















Kindly contact any SSHS HO campus to know the procedure of fee concession. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com for contact details of campuses.
















Yes, We do have smart classes in our campuses, with interactive whiteboards and animated educational content. Kindly contact the desired campus in which admission is sought to know details about smart classes. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com for contact details of campuses.

















 We thank you for showing interest in SSHS philosophy. Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com, to read an introduction to SSHS philosophy.
















SSHS does not provide any hostel facility.THe school os day scholar basis.















In 2018, the total number of students in all campuses of SSHS is over 1200.

































SSHS provides a holistic approach of study, To know more about our curriculum please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com.





























SSHS does advertise in the print media about vacancies. However, if you seek a career in SSHS, we encourage you to apply in SSHS, irrespective of advertisement information. Kindly fill the online career form. If vacancies are there, you will be called for an interview at SSHS Head Office, in Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore.





























Please visit our website www.shikshasagarhighschool.com for contact details of campuses.

